[console_scripts]
ants4pop = fmristats.cli.ants4pop:cmd
csv2dataframe = fmristats.cli.csv2dataframe:cmd
csv2design = fmristats.cli.csv2design:cmd
fmriati = fmristats.cli.fmriati:cmd
fmriblock = fmristats.cli.fmriblock:cmd
fmrifit = fmristats.cli.fmrifit:cmd
fmriinfo = fmristats.cli.fmriinfo:cmd
fmrimap = fmristats.cli.fmrimap:cmd
fmripop = fmristats.cli.fmripop:cmd
fmriprune = fmristats.cli.fmriprune:cmd
fmririgids = fmristats.cli.fmririgids:cmd
fmrisample = fmristats.cli.fmrisample:cmd
fmristudy = fmristats.cli.fmristudy:cmd
fsl2design = fmristats.cli.fsl2design:cmd
fsl2rigids = fmristats.cli.fsl2rigids:cmd
fsl4pop = fmristats.cli.fsl4pop:cmd
fsl4prune = fmristats.cli.fsl4prune:cmd
mat2block = fmristats.cli.mat2block:cmd
nii2image = fmristats.cli.nii2image:cmd
nii2session = fmristats.cli.nii2session:cmd
ref2plot = fmristats.cli.ref2plot:cmd
spm2design = fmristats.cli.spm2design:cmd
spm2rigids = fmristats.cli.spm2rigids:cmd

