.gitignore
CHANGELOG.md
LICENSE.md
MANIFEST.in
README.md
setup.cfg
setup.py
dota2picker/__init__.py
dota2picker/checker.py
dota2picker/csv2pkl.py
dota2picker/editor.py
dota2picker/gui.py
dota2picker/persistence.py
dota2picker/picker.py
dota2picker/pkl2csv.py
dota2picker/version.py
dota2picker.egg-info/PKG-INFO
dota2picker.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
dota2picker.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
dota2picker.egg-info/entry_points.txt
dota2picker.egg-info/requires.txt
dota2picker.egg-info/top_level.txt
dota2picker/database/Database.csv
dota2picker/database/Database.pkl
dota2picker/images/heroes/Abaddon.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Alchemist.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Ancient Apparition.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Anti-Mage.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Arc Warden.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Axe.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Bane.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Batrider.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Beastmaster.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Bloodseeker.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Bounty Hunter.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Brewmaster.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Bristleback.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Broodmother.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Centaur Warrunner.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Chaos Knight.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Chen.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Clinkz.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Clockwerk.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Crystal Maiden.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Dark Seer.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Dark Willow.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Dazzle.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Death Prophet.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Disruptor.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Doom.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Dragon Knight.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Drow Ranger.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Earth Spirit.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Earthshaker.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Elder Titan.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Ember Spirit.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Enchantress.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Enigma.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Faceless Void.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Grimstroke.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Gyrocopter.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Huskar.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Invoker.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Io.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Jakiro.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Juggernaut.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Keeper of the Light.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Kunkka.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Legion Commander.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Leshrac.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Lich.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Lifestealer.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Lina.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Lion.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Lone Druid.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Luna.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Lycan.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Magnus.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Mars.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Medusa.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Meepo.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Mirana.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Monkey King.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Morphling.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Naga Siren.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Natures Prophet.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Necrophos.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Night Stalker.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Nyx Assassin.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Ogre Magi.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Omniknight.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Oracle.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Outworld Devourer.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Pangolier.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Phantom Assassin.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Phantom Lancer.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Phoenix.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Puck.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Pudge.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Pugna.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Queen of Pain.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Razor.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Riki.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Rubick.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Sand King.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Shadow Demon.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Shadow Fiend.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Shadow Shaman.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Silencer.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Skywrath Mage.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Slardar.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Slark.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Sniper.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Spectre.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Spirit Breaker.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Storm Spirit.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Sven.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Techies.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Templar Assassin.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Terrorblade.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Tidehunter.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Timbersaw.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Tinker.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Tiny.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Treant Protector.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Troll Warlord.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Tusk.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Underlord.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Undying.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Ursa.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Vengeful Spirit.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Venomancer.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Viper.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Visage.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Warlock.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Weaver.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Windranger.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Winter Wyvern.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Witch Doctor.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Wraith King.png
dota2picker/images/heroes/Zeus.png
dota2picker/images/readme/editor-window.png
dota2picker/images/readme/picker-window.png
dota2picker/parser/heroes_list.txt
dota2picker/parser/images-parser.py
dota2picker/parser/wiki-downloader.sh
dota2picker/parser/wiki-parser.py
dota2picker/parser/html/Abaddon
dota2picker/parser/html/Alchemist
dota2picker/parser/html/Ancient Apparition
dota2picker/parser/html/Anti-Mage
dota2picker/parser/html/Arc Warden
dota2picker/parser/html/Axe
dota2picker/parser/html/Bane
dota2picker/parser/html/Batrider
dota2picker/parser/html/Beastmaster
dota2picker/parser/html/Bloodseeker
dota2picker/parser/html/Bounty Hunter
dota2picker/parser/html/Brewmaster
dota2picker/parser/html/Bristleback
dota2picker/parser/html/Broodmother
dota2picker/parser/html/Centaur Warrunner
dota2picker/parser/html/Chaos Knight
dota2picker/parser/html/Chen
dota2picker/parser/html/Clinkz
dota2picker/parser/html/Clockwerk
dota2picker/parser/html/Crystal Maiden
dota2picker/parser/html/Dark Seer
dota2picker/parser/html/Dark Willow
dota2picker/parser/html/Dazzle
dota2picker/parser/html/Death Prophet
dota2picker/parser/html/Disruptor
dota2picker/parser/html/Doom
dota2picker/parser/html/Dragon Knight
dota2picker/parser/html/Drow Ranger
dota2picker/parser/html/Earth Spirit
dota2picker/parser/html/Earthshaker
dota2picker/parser/html/Elder Titan
dota2picker/parser/html/Ember Spirit
dota2picker/parser/html/Enchantress
dota2picker/parser/html/Enigma
dota2picker/parser/html/Faceless Void
dota2picker/parser/html/Grimstroke
dota2picker/parser/html/Gyrocopter
dota2picker/parser/html/Huskar
dota2picker/parser/html/Invoker
dota2picker/parser/html/Io
dota2picker/parser/html/Jakiro
dota2picker/parser/html/Juggernaut
dota2picker/parser/html/Keeper of the Light
dota2picker/parser/html/Kunkka
dota2picker/parser/html/Legion Commander
dota2picker/parser/html/Leshrac
dota2picker/parser/html/Lich
dota2picker/parser/html/Lifestealer
dota2picker/parser/html/Lina
dota2picker/parser/html/Lion
dota2picker/parser/html/Lone Druid
dota2picker/parser/html/Luna
dota2picker/parser/html/Lycan
dota2picker/parser/html/Magnus
dota2picker/parser/html/Mars
dota2picker/parser/html/Medusa
dota2picker/parser/html/Meepo
dota2picker/parser/html/Mirana
dota2picker/parser/html/Monkey King
dota2picker/parser/html/Morphling
dota2picker/parser/html/Naga Siren
dota2picker/parser/html/Nature's Prophet
dota2picker/parser/html/Necrophos
dota2picker/parser/html/Night Stalker
dota2picker/parser/html/Nyx Assassin
dota2picker/parser/html/Ogre Magi
dota2picker/parser/html/Omniknight
dota2picker/parser/html/Oracle
dota2picker/parser/html/Outworld Devourer
dota2picker/parser/html/Pangolier
dota2picker/parser/html/Phantom Assassin
dota2picker/parser/html/Phantom Lancer
dota2picker/parser/html/Phoenix
dota2picker/parser/html/Puck
dota2picker/parser/html/Pudge
dota2picker/parser/html/Pugna
dota2picker/parser/html/Queen of Pain
dota2picker/parser/html/Razor
dota2picker/parser/html/Riki
dota2picker/parser/html/Rubick
dota2picker/parser/html/Sand King
dota2picker/parser/html/Shadow Demon
dota2picker/parser/html/Shadow Fiend
dota2picker/parser/html/Shadow Shaman
dota2picker/parser/html/Silencer
dota2picker/parser/html/Skywrath Mage
dota2picker/parser/html/Slardar
dota2picker/parser/html/Slark
dota2picker/parser/html/Sniper
dota2picker/parser/html/Spectre
dota2picker/parser/html/Spirit Breaker
dota2picker/parser/html/Storm Spirit
dota2picker/parser/html/Sven
dota2picker/parser/html/Techies
dota2picker/parser/html/Templar Assassin
dota2picker/parser/html/Terrorblade
dota2picker/parser/html/Tidehunter
dota2picker/parser/html/Timbersaw
dota2picker/parser/html/Tinker
dota2picker/parser/html/Tiny
dota2picker/parser/html/Treant Protector
dota2picker/parser/html/Troll Warlord
dota2picker/parser/html/Tusk
dota2picker/parser/html/Underlord
dota2picker/parser/html/Undying
dota2picker/parser/html/Ursa
dota2picker/parser/html/Vengeful Spirit
dota2picker/parser/html/Venomancer
dota2picker/parser/html/Viper
dota2picker/parser/html/Visage
dota2picker/parser/html/Warlock
dota2picker/parser/html/Weaver
dota2picker/parser/html/Windranger
dota2picker/parser/html/Winter Wyvern
dota2picker/parser/html/Witch Doctor
dota2picker/parser/html/Wraith King
dota2picker/parser/html/Zeus
dota2picker/parser/images/Ancient Apparition.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Arc Warden.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Bane.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Bloodseeker.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Brewmaster.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Bristleback.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Broodmother.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Centaur Warrunner.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Chen.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Clinkz.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Dark Seer.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Dark Willow.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Dazzle.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Earth Spirit.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Earthshaker.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Elder Titan.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Ember Spirit.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Faceless Void.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Grimstroke.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Huskar.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Invoker.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Io.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Jakiro.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Legion Commander.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Leshrac.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Lifestealer.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Lion.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Lone Druid.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Magnus.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Mars.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Meepo.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Monkey King.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Naga Siren.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Night Stalker.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Nyx Assassin.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Oracle.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Outworld Devourer.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Pangolier.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Phantom Lancer.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Phoenix.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Pudge.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Pugna.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Riki.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Rubick.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Shadow Demon.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Silencer.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Skywrath Mage.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Spectre.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Spirit Breaker.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Storm Spirit.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Sven.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Underlord.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Undying.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Ursa.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Vengeful Spirit.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Visage.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Warlock.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Weaver.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Winter Wyvern.png
dota2picker/parser/images/Wraith King.png