[console_scripts]
zun = zunclient.shell:main

[openstack.cli.extension]
container = zunclient.osc.plugin

[openstack.container.v1]
appcontainer_attach = zunclient.osc.v1.containers:AttachContainer
appcontainer_commit = zunclient.osc.v1.containers:CommitContainer
appcontainer_cp = zunclient.osc.v1.containers:CopyContainer
appcontainer_create = zunclient.osc.v1.containers:CreateContainer
appcontainer_delete = zunclient.osc.v1.containers:DeleteContainer
appcontainer_exec = zunclient.osc.v1.containers:ExecContainer
appcontainer_image_list = zunclient.osc.v1.images:ListImage
appcontainer_image_pull = zunclient.osc.v1.images:PullImage
appcontainer_kill = zunclient.osc.v1.containers:KillContainer
appcontainer_list = zunclient.osc.v1.containers:ListContainer
appcontainer_logs = zunclient.osc.v1.containers:LogsContainer
appcontainer_pause = zunclient.osc.v1.containers:PauseContainer
appcontainer_rename = zunclient.osc.v1.containers:RenameContainer
appcontainer_restart = zunclient.osc.v1.containers:RestartContainer
appcontainer_run = zunclient.osc.v1.containers:RunContainer
appcontainer_service_delete = zunclient.osc.v1.services:DeleteService
appcontainer_service_disable = zunclient.osc.v1.services:DisableService
appcontainer_service_enable = zunclient.osc.v1.services:EnableService
appcontainer_service_forcedown = zunclient.osc.v1.services:ForceDownService
appcontainer_service_list = zunclient.osc.v1.services:ListService
appcontainer_show = zunclient.osc.v1.containers:ShowContainer
appcontainer_start = zunclient.osc.v1.containers:StartContainer
appcontainer_stats = zunclient.osc.v1.containers:StatsContainer
appcontainer_stop = zunclient.osc.v1.containers:StopContainer
appcontainer_top = zunclient.osc.v1.containers:TopContainer
appcontainer_unpause = zunclient.osc.v1.containers:UnpauseContainer
appcontainer_update = zunclient.osc.v1.containers:UpdateContainer

